# banking_system
INDIVIDUAL ASSIGNMENT DESCRIPTION 

 

BANKING SERVICE SYSTEM 

 

You are required to develop a Banking Service Application to handle all the primary information required to maintain the customer account in a bank. Once the system is opened, all users (including admin staff and customers) have to pass through a login page to enter the main screen. Upon login, the system should display the user’s name on the system’s user interface. Customers are allowed to make transaction for deposit and withdrawal of the money.  

The following characteristics are important to be included in your system: 

A default Super User Account should be created in the system that could be used to create admin staff accounts. 

In order to register with the bank, the customer is required to fill a registration form to provide his/her personal details. The staff then enters the customer details into the system, and thereafter provides him with the unique account number and a default password. A unique customer account number must be autogenerated and should in a sequence. The account can be Savings account or Current account. 

The customer can login into the system using account number and the default password. In addition to modifying the password, the customer can perform deposit and withdrawal transactions using this account number and password.  

Admin staff may update or edit the customer’s details. However, the customer’s ID and name should not be available for update. Customer may only perform Deposits or Withdrawals.  

The Customer can login into the system and deposit any amount of money in his/her account and the increase in balance is updated in the data file. 

In the case of withdrawal, it is always checked whether the withdrawal of money will affect the minimum balance or not. If yes, the transaction will not be permitted. Minimum balance for saving account and current is RM100 and RM500 respectively. 

Unique User Interface (UI) using menus should be done for all interactions between users and the system. 

Customer’s Statement of Account Report may be generated by both Admin Staff and Customer’s Statement of Account Report must be printed for a specified period (i.e. a start and an end date must be entered). A total of all deposits and withdrawals should be displayed for the specified duration at the end of the report. 

All details must be saved in files – text files. 

The program submitted should compile and be executed without errors. Besides, validation should be done for each entry from the users in order to avoid logical errors. 

Page Break
 

REQUIREMENTS	 

You are required to carry out extra research for your system and document any logical assumptions you made after the research.  

 

Validations need to be included to ensure the accuracy of the system. State any assumptions that you make under each function.  

 

You are required to store all data in text files. 

You are expected to use list and functions in your program. Your program must embrace modular programming technique and should be menu-driven. 

 

You may include any extra features which you may feel relevant and that add value to the system.  

 

There should be no need for graphics (user interface) in your program, as what is being assessed, is your programming skill not the interface design.  

 

You should include the good programming practice such as comments, variable naming conventions and indentation. 

 

In a situation where a student: 

Failed to attempt the assignment demonstration, overall marks awarded for the assignment will be adjusted to 50% of the overall existing marks. 

Found to be involved in plagiarism, the offence will be dealt in accordance to APU regulations on plagiarism. 

 

You are required to use Python programming language to implement the solution. Use of any other language like C/C++/Java is not allowed. Global variable is not allowed. 

 

Results of a comprehensive testing is to be included in your document. The tests conducted shall take into consideration of all valid inputs and negative test cases. 
